---
layout: post
title:  Call for Applications (2023-2024) is now open for the Small Grants Program
#color: rgb(250, 50, 50)
#feature-img: "assets/img/pexels/triangular.jpeg"
#thumbnail: "assets/img/pexels/manuscrito2.jpg"
#tags: [Mermaid, Highlight, Markdown]
permalink: /small-grants-2023/
---

The 2023-2024 **Call for Applications is now open** for the Small Grants Program at the [History of Philosophy Forum](https://historyofphilosophy.nd.edu/){:target="_blank"} at the University of Notre Dame.  This program supports international scholars with research projects in the history of philosophy that could benefit from a stay at the University of Notre Dame during the academic year 2023-2024.  The grant can only be used for travel and accommodation. Award amounts are in the range of $1,400-$4,000, with 4-5 grants potentially available each year.

#### Call for Applications - Small Grants Program 2023-2024

The program is open to all scholars working in the history of philosophy with primary affiliation at an institution outside the US.  This year, we especially welcome applications that have some thematic relationship to our current research cluster, ["Modeling the Mind in the History of Philosophy"](https://historyofphilosophy.nd.edu/home/modeling-the-mind-in-the-european-history-of-philosophy/){:target="_blank"}. However, the grant program is open to all projects in the history of philosophy (broadly construed).

More information about the program, as well as a link to submit the online application, can be found at [https://historyofphilosophy.nd.edu/grants/](https://historyofphilosophy.nd.edu/grants/){:target="_blank"}.

<p>The submission deadline is March 15th, 2023.  We ask that applicants contact one of our faculty affiliates before submitting their applications. </p>


{% include aligner.html images="posts/small_grants_2023.jpeg" column=1 %}

